
A . Why must we choose you?

I can't fake that,i was dedicated or something else and i know that everyone tells that,he was dedicated and something other stuff.. I would say "what you can get out of me".
I drop year student who had joined in amrita..in my drop year learned c++ and other technical stuff.i was very intrested in competitive programming and ,i have clear insight 
of what a competitive programmer should have, i know all the basics etc..which are really important..i perfectly know the which language should be used for competitive programming 
thats why i have learned c++,In my drop year itself..here u can clearly know that was thinking fast than our batch..most of the competitive programmers know that "what they are 
doing in their first year itself".so i was well planned what iam gone do in next four years...And after completing my tasks u will know that, i was dedicated too.if i would be 
selection committee of foss,i would see only two things,his dedication and planning for future..i think  have those two...And my final goal is to represent india for ICPC..And want 
make the india first atleast once.

B . What is your plan for the next 6 months?

I wouldn't say for next six months..i would prefer to say for next two years that was only preparing to ICPC through hackerank and codeforces etc..online platforms and wanted learn 
core CS KNOWLEDGE from my respective seniors or through "MIT OPEN COURSEWARE".And was mainly intrested in os and basic management and AI ETC.And that is my whole two year plan..

C . How would you contribute back to the club?
Really i dont know any answer about this question ...i can say ,what i have prepared for next four years but,I can't tell what iam gone do for the club.I think totally depends on 
situation and other circumstances..so finally one thing i can tell is ,i would make our club proud enough..

D . Do you have any feedback for the selection process?

yeah first thing i want to convey is ,I joined in amrita because its coding culture and its foss club.And usually i used to read works of vipin sir..who was the head of foss club 
and i know some knowledge foss club because my brother was one of the member of foss club at starting of foss club..
